{darwin.*,overrideSDK}: convert compatibility stubs to throws (#429387)
NixOS/nixpkgs: doc/stdenv/platform-notes.chapter.md

You may see references to `darwin.apple_sdk.frameworks`.
This is the legacy SDK pattern, and it is being phased out.
All packages in `darwin.apple_sdk`, `darwin.apple_sdk_11_0`, and `darwin.apple_sdk_12_3` have been removed.

> If your derivation references them, you should delete them. The default SDK should be enough to build your package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your derivation references them, delete those references, as the default SDK should be enough to build your package.
```
